add optimal parameter configurations (#4728)
pingcap/docs: check-before-deployment.md

    [always] madvise never
    ```

    > **Note:**
    >
    > If `[always] madvise never` is output, THP is enabled. You need to disable it.

> 2. Execute the following command to see the I/O Scheduler of the disk where the data directory locates. Assume that you create data directories on both sdb and sdc disks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Execute the following command to see the I/O Scheduler of the disk where the data directory is located. Assume that you create data directories on both sdb and sdc disks:
```

            ```

        6. Apply the udev script:

            {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

            ```bash
            udevadm control --reload-rules
            udevadm trigger --type=devices --action=change
            ```

        7. Create a service to configure the CPU power policy:

            {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

            ```bash
            $ cat  >> /etc/systemd/system/cpupower.service << EOF
            [Unit]
            Description=CPU performance
            [Service]
            Type=oneshot
            ExecStart=/usr/bin/cpupower frequency-set --governor performance
            [Install]
            WantedBy=multi-user.target
            EOF
            ```

        8. Apply the CPU power policy configuration service:

            {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

            ```bash
            systemctl daemon-reload
            systemctl enable cpupower.service
            systemctl start cpupower.service
            ```

6. Execute the following command to verify the THP status:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```bash
    cat /sys/kernel/mm/transparent_hugepage/enabled
    ```

    ```
    always madvise [never]
    ```

> 7. Execute the following command to verify the I/O Scheduler of the disk where the data directory locates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Execute the following command to verify the I/O Scheduler of the disk where the data directory is located:
```
